PHOEBE, ARE YOU
STILL ON HOLD?
I WAS SUPPOSED TO CALL
MY DAD BACK TWO HOURS AGO.
YEAH,
HE CLICKED ON.
HE SAID CALL HIM
WHEN YOU GET A CHANCE.
HE'S AT FLIMBY'S.
WHAT'S FLIMBY'S?
OH, YEAH,
THAT'S THE WORD I USE
WHEN I CAN'T REMEMBER
THE REAL THING.
OKAY, HANG UP.
THAT'S IT.
COME ON.
NO, THAT'S WHAT
THEY WANT ME TO DO.
MY WARRANTY EXPIRES
TOMORROW.
IF I DON'T GET THROUGH,
THEY'RE NOT GOING TO FIX
MY CRAPPY, BROKEN PHONE
FOR FREE.
WE CANNOT LET THEM WIN.
IT'S US VERSUS THEM.
YES!
HEY.
LISTEN, I GOT TO DOUBLE-CHECK
FOR TICKETS TONIGHT.
I HAVE ONE.
I NEED TWO.
I'M BRINGING PETE
MY BOYFRIEND.
I HAVE A BOYFRIEND NOW.
TWO IT IS.
ROSS,
HOW ABOUT YOU?
UH, YEAH, I, UH...
I ALSO NEED TWO.
Monica:
REALLY?
WHO'S NUMBER TWO?
WHOSE NUMBER TWO?
ONE OF THE MORE
DIFFICULT GAMES
SEWER WORKERS PLAY.
NO, IT'S JUST THIS PERSON.
LIKE A DATE TYPE OF PERSON?
YEAH, KIND OF.
IT'S THIS WOMAN
FROM WORK.
I HOPE THAT WON'T BE
TOO WEIRD.
WILL IT, RACH?
NO.
NO, NOT AT ALL.
I WAS ACTUALLY GOING
TO BRING SOMEONE MYSELF.
BUT YOU SAID ONE TICKET.
I MEANT ME PLUS ONE.
OKAY, DID YOU GUYS MEAN
YOU PLUS ONE?
I'LL SEE YOU TONIGHT.
OKAY.
OKAY, BYE-BYE.
BYE-BYE.
OKAY, I NEED A DATE.
OH, HEY, YOU GUYS
ARE FINALLY GOING
TO GET TO MEET KATE.
I BORROWED
SOME OF YOUR COLOGNE.
I HOPE SHE LIKES IT.
THIS IS NEVER
GOING TO HAPPEN.
SHE'S SEEING SOMEBODY.
YEAH, AND I DON'T HAVE
ANY COLOGNE.
GREEN BOTTLE NEXT
TO THE SHAVING CREAM.
OH, WORM MEDICINE
FOR THE DUCK.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
HERE YOU GO.
YOU CAN WEAR THIS.
THANKS. OKAY.
OH, I'M SETTING THE PHONE DOWN.
BUT I'M STILL HERE.
JUST DON'T GO ANYWHERE.
I'M STILL HERE.
DON'T SWITCH OR ANYTHING,
'CAUSE I'M RIGHT HERE.
JUST ONE SEC.
ONE SEC.
ONE SECOND!
WAIT! ONE SECOND!
PHOEBE?
WHAT, MONICA?
I'M SCARED!
HONEY, HONEY, THAT'S A SLEEVE.
OKAY?
AND WE ALSO HAVE
A SPEAKERPHONE.
Woman:
Please stay on the line.
Your call is important to us.
YOU'VE GOT TO HANG UP.
WE'RE LATE.
Thank you for your patience.
You're the next caller.
YES! YES! I'M THE NEXT CALLER!
YOU WERE GOING
TO HAVE ME HANG UP.
HEY.
CAN YOU TAKE A DUCK
AND A CHICK TO THE THEATER?
OF COURSE NOT.
NO.
OKAY. I JUST WANTED THEM
TO HEAR IT FROM SOMEBODY ELSE.
HEY, RACH.
OH, HI.
HOW ARE YOU?
GOOD.
UM, SO IT LOOKS LIKE
WE'RE THE FIRST ONES HERE.
YEAH, LOOKS THAT WAY.
FIRST ONES HERE! WHOO!
YAY!
OH, TOMMY, THIS IS ROSS.
ROSS, TOMMY.
OH, I'M SORRY.
THIS IS CAILIN.
CAILIN....
AND... BREAK.
( nervous laughter )
OKAY.
I THINK I'M GOING TO RUN
TO THE LADIES' ROOM.
I'LL JOIN YOU.
I'LL GET OUR SEATS.
OKAY.
SO, UH... WELL, THIS IS...
THIS IS AWKWARD.
YEAH?
'CAUSE RACHEL AND I
USED TO GO OUT.
OH, I DIDN'T KNOW THAT.
OH.
WELL, THEN THIS
IS AWKWARD.
SO WHAT DO YOU...?
I THINK WE'RE HERE.
OH. YEAH.
UH... HUH.
EXCUSE ME.
I'M SORRY. I THINK
YOU MAY BE IN OUR SEATS.
UM, NO, I DON'T THINK SO.
COULD WE TAKE A LOOK
AT YOUR TICKET?
SURE.
YEAH, YOU SEE,
THIS SAYS D-13 AND...
OH, WELL, I THOUGHT
THAT WE WERE...
YOU THOUGHT, HUH?
THAT DIDN'T REALLY WORK OUT
TOO WELL FOR YOU
IDIOT!
WHAT ARE YOU--
A MORON?
IT SAYS D-13, OKAY?
YOU'RE SURROUNDED
BY EVEN NUMBERS.
DOES THAT GIVE YOU
SOME CLUE?
UH, THE USHER TOLD US...
THE USHER MUST BE RIGHT.
WHAT, WITH ALL THE TRAINING
THEY GO THROUGH.
GET OUT!
HERE!
HEY, MAN,
YOU WANT THE AISLE?
NO, I'M GOOD.
THERE HE IS.
THERE'S OUR STAR.
SO, SO,
WHAT DID YOU THINK?
ALMOST AS GOOD AS THE PLAY
WITH THE TWO NAKED GIRLS
ON THE SEE-SAW.
I WASN'T IN THAT.
I KNOW.
OH, HEY, HEY, KATE.
LISTEN, I WANT YOU
TO MEET EVERYBODY.
EVERYBODY, THIS IS KATE.
EXCUSE ME,
EXCUSE ME.
SWEETHEART.
HI.
COME.
SO THAT'S THE GIRL
YOU LIKE.
I'M TELLING YOU
THIS GUY RACHEL IS WITH
IS CRAZY, OKAY?
HE VICIOUSLY SCREAMED
AT TOTAL STRANGERS.
I THINK HE'S BAD NEWS.
WAIT A MINUTE.
YOU DON'T LIKE THE GUY
RACHEL'S DATING?
WELL, THAT'S ODD.
OH, HEY, LAUREN.
THIS IS KATE'S UNDERSTUDY,
LAUREN.
HI.
GOSH, YOU LOOK
SO FAMILIAR.
YEAH. I RAN INTO YOU
IN THE HALLWAY
IN YOUR BUILDING.
IT WAS RIGHT AFTER
I SLEPT WITH JOEY.
HE DUMPED ME
THE NEXT DAY.
SO HOW'D YOU GUYS MEET?
WELL, UH,
THE SHORT VERSION IS
I PURSUED HER
FOR A COUPLE OF MONTHS
THEN I GAVE HER A CHECK
FOR $20,000
AND SHE WAS MINE.
YEAH, AND IN
THE LONG VERSION
I DUMP HIM FOR TELLING
PEOPLE THE SHORT VERSION.
JOEY, SWEETHEART,
YOU WERE FABULOUS.
HEY, YOU GUYS, THIS IS
MY AGENT, ESTELLE.
HOW DO YOU DO?
OH, YOU TWO GIRLS
WERE OUTSTANDING.
DO THEY HAVE
REPRESENTATION?
NO, THEY WEREN'T
IN THE PLAY.
WE'RE NOT ACTORS.
OH, WHAT A SHAME.
BECAUSE WITH HER FACE
AND HER CHEST
I COULD REALLY PUT
SOMETHING TOGETHER.
COULD I BORROW IT?
HI.
REMEMBER ME?
YEAH... TOMMY'S IN LINE
FOR THE BATHROOM
AND SOMEONE JUST
CUT IN FRONT OF HIM.
I THINK HE'S GOING
TO SNAP.
ROSS, I'M GOING TO GO.
GO? WHY?
I DON'T KNOW.
COULD BE BECAUSE I DON'T FEEL
LIKE STANDING AROUND ALL NIGHT
WAITING FOR SOME GUY
WHO MAY
OR MAY NOT SCREAM.
BUT, CAILIN, HE DEFINITELY
WILL SCREAM.
GOOD-BYE, ROSS.
UH, UH, ALL RIGHT.
( clearing throat )
HERE WE GO, PEOPLE.
( chuckling )
( clears throat )
BOXING DAY.
"THE LUCILLE LORTEL THEATER..."
BUDDA, BUDDA, BUDDA...
A-HA.
"JOEY TRIBBIANI GIVES
AN UNEVEN PERFORMANCE.
"BUT MR. TRIBBIANI
IS NOT THE WORST THING
IN THIS PRODUCTION."
YES!
"KATE MILLER'S AWKWARD
AND MANNERED PORTRAYAL
IS LAUGHABLE."
BUDDA, BUDDA, BUDDA...
A-HA--
HERE IT IS.
"THE DIRECTION
BY MARSHALL TOWNEND IS..."
THANK YOU, BOYS AND GIRLS.
YOU'VE RUINED MY LIFE.
PLEASE STUFF YOUR
TALENTLESS FACES
WITH MY MOTHER'S
CRAB CAKES!
EXCUSE ME!
DOES ANYONE MIND IF I SAVE THIS?
HEY.
OH, IS THE PLAY OVER?
YEAH. WHERE WERE YOU?
Thank you for your patience.
You're the next caller.
YOU WERE THE NEXT CALLER
FIVE HOURS AGO.
YOU MUST BE GOING CRAZY.
NAH, I KEPT MYSELF BUSY.
OH, OKAY. I PUT YOUR STUFF
IN HER ROOM
AND HER STUFF IN YOUR ROOM.
HEY, YOU OKAY?
FABULOUS.
LISTEN, DRAMA CRITICS--
THEY'RE NOTHING BUT PEOPLE
WHO COULDN'T MAKE IT
AS ACTORS.
YOU KNOW WHAT YOU SHOULD DO?
BECOME A DRAMA CRITIC.
( loud thump )
I AM HURT!
A PLAGUE ON BOTH YOUR HOUSES.
BY THE WAY,
HE DUMPED ME TONIGHT
AFTER HE READ MY REVIEW.
OH, CLASSY.
YEP.
I SURE KNOW HOW
TO PICK 'EM, HUH?
YOU KNOW, I GAVE UP A PART
ON A SOAP FOR THIS?
WOW.
YEAH, I GAVE UP
A JOB, TOO.
REALLY? WHAT?
DECLAWING CATS.
HEY, TELL YOU WHAT,
LET ME WALK YOU HOME.
WE'LL STOP BY
EVERY NEWSSTAND
AND BURN EVER COPY OF
THEIR TIMES AND THE POST.
WHY THE POST?
YOU DIDN'T SEE THE POST?
NO. YOU?
NO. WHY?
( laughing ):
YOU REALLY THINK
THESE NEWSPAPERS ARE
JUST JEALOUS OF ME?
ABSOLUTELY.
YOU'RE TALENTED
AND YOU'RE GOOD-LOOKING.
YOU'RE SWEET AND CUTE.
I KNOW.
THAT'S WHY THEY TRASHED ME.
WHOA, WAIT A MINUTE.
WHAT?
I DON'T GET YOU.
I MEAN, FIRST YOU HATE ME
THEN YOU SLEEP WITH ME
THEN YOU WANT NOTHING
TO DO WITH ME
NOW YOU WANT ME AGAIN?
WHAT? SO YOU NEVER WENT OUT
WITH AN ACTRESS BEFORE?
KATE... DO YOU EVEN LIKE ME?
OF COURSE I DO.
SO HOW COME
YOU BLEW ME OFF?
YOU KNOW, HOW COME
YOU WERE WITH HIM?
I DON'T KNOW.
I JUST... JUST DO THIS.
I ALWAYS HAVE TO PICK
LIKE THE SMARTEST GUY
OR THE MOST TALENTED GUY.
WHY CAN'T I JUST PICK
SOMEONE LIKE YOU?
THANKS.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
I MEAN LIKE
THE SWEETEST GUY.
JOEY, YOU'RE JUST SO...
YOU'RE SO...
SO...
OKAY, OKAY.
THERE WE GO.
LET'S GET YOUR FEET UP.
GOOD NIGHT, KATE.
SWEET DREAMS.
I'M GOING TO PUT
THIS CAN RIGHT HERE
IN CASE YOU HAVE TO HURL.
Please stay on the line.
Your call
is very important to us.
PHEEBS, YOU'VE BEEN UP
FOR 24 HOURS.
GO TO SLEEP, HONEY.
THIS ISN'T HEALTHY.
NO. NO, I'M FINE.
AND YOU KNOW WHY?
'CAUSE OF ALL THE RIBOFLAVIN.
HEY.
DIDN'T YOU HAVE
THAT OUTFIT ON LAST NIGHT?
YEAH. I STAYED AT KATE'S,
BUT NOTHING HAPPENED.
OH.
HEY, PHEEBS,
WHERE WERE YOU?
I'M SO, SO SORRY, JOEY.
I AM DEFINITELY GOING
TO SEE YOUR PLAY.
I SWEAR, YOUR PLAY
IS VERY IMPORTANT TO US.
THANK YOU
FOR YOUR PATIENCE.
YOUR PLAY IS THE NEXT PLAY
I'M GOING TO SEE.
ANYWAY, HOW'D IT GO WITH KATE?
AW, IT WAS GREAT. YEAH.
I WALKED HER HOME
AND IT WAS AMAZING HOW MUCH
WE CONNECTED, YOU KNOW?
THEN SHE PASSED OUT...
BUT THEN SHE WOKE UP.
YEAH, AND WE STAYED UP
ALL NIGHT TALKING
AND NOW WE'RE LIKE TOTALLY
CRAZY ABOUT EACH OTHER.
JOEY, YOU HAD THE NIGHT.
WHAT?
WHEN TWO PEOPLE
FINALLY REALIZE
THEIR FEELINGS FOR EACH OTHER
AND THEY TALK FOR HOURS
AND THEY LEARN ALL
ABOUT THE OTHER PERSON.
YOU... YOU THINK?
DID YOU LEARN
ABOUT HER FAMILY?
TWO BROTHERS, ONE DIED.
YES!
OH!
THIS IS FROM THE
WOMAN AT THE BAR.
OH, HO, HO, HO.
SORRY. SHE THOUGHT
YOU WERE SOMEBODY ELSE.
WHAT TIME IS IT?
1:00.
7:15.
WATCH DOESN'T WORK.
TOMMY'S SUPPOSED
TO BE HERE SOON.
WE'RE GOING TO LUNCH.
LOOK... LOOK, I WASN'T
GOING TO SAY ANYTHING TO YOU
BUT... ALL RIGHT.
I DON'T THINK YOU SHOULD
BE SEEING TOMMY ANYMORE.
YOU DON'T?
NO.
THE GUY IS MEAN--
I MEAN, REALLY MEAN.
I THINK YOU
SHOULD STAY AWAY FROM HIM.
HMM, OR MAYBE...
I SHOULD STAY AWAY FROM ALL MEN.
NO. IT'S NOT JUST
BECAUSE I'M JEALOUS.
I MEAN, I'M NOT.
I'M NOT JEALOUS.
OKAY, IT'S... LOOK, THE GUY--
HE SCREAMED.
HE ACTUALLY SCREAMED AT THIS
COUPLE SITTING IN OUR SEATS.
YEAH. AND AT THE END
OF THE PLAY, HE...
HE GOT UP, YOU KNOW, AND
HE JUST STARTED LIKE...
BANGING HIS HANDS TOGETHER.
OKAY, FINE, FINE.
YOU DON'T WANT TO BELIEVE ME?
NO, THAT'S FINE.
WE'RE KIDDING.
ROSS?
FINE, NO ONE BELIEVES ME.
I'M MR. FUNNY TO YOU.
MR. FUNNY...
WHOA!
SORRY, TOM.
WHAT'S IN THE CUP, ROSS?
UM...
WHAT IS IN THE CUP?
OKAY, IT'S COFFEE.
ICED COFFEE?
TELL ME IT'S ICED COFFEE.
IT'S... IT'S HOT.
HOT COFFEE!
YOU IDIOT!
YOU'RE GOING TO SPILL
HOT COFFEE ALL OVER ME?!
WHAT ARE YOU?!
JUST SOME BIG, DUMB,
STUPID, DOOFIE IDIOT
WITH A DOOFIE-IDIOT
HAIRDO, HUH?!
HUH?!
DON'T STARE AT ME WITH
THAT DOOFIE-IDIOT LOOK!
BIG, RIDICULOUS IDIOT!
GEEZ, I GOT TO GO IN THERE
AND TALK TO THOSE PEOPLE!
I'M GOING TO GO IN
WITH A HUGE COFFEE STAIN
THAT YOU PUT ON ME?!
HEY.
TOMMY.
SAY, WHAT'S YOUR
FAVORITE THING
ABOUT SUMMER?
OOH, I DON'T KNOW.
PROBABLY THE SMELL
OF FRESHLY CUT GRASS.
AW, THAT'S A GOOD ONE.
( no audio )
HEY, SORRY.
SORRY I'M LATE.
MY DUCK AND MY CHICK
HAD A FIGHT.
WE HELD THE CURTAIN
FOR YOU, BUDDY. LET'S GO.
( doorbell rings )
VIC, WHERE HAVE
YOU BEEN, BABY?
WHERE'S KATE?
SHE GOT A JOB IN L.A.
WHAT?
( in character ):
I'VE BEEN WAITING UP
ALL NIGHT FOR YOU.
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN, VIC?
OH, UH...
GO TO THE WINDOW.
I WANT TO RUN
DOWN TO THE TRUCK
AND SHOW YOU SOMETHING.
WHAT DO YOU GOT DOWN THERE, VIC?
WHAT DO YOU GOT
UNDER THAT TARP?
WHEN IS SHE LEAVING?
TONIGHT.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M COMING UP.
HEY, DO YOU MIND
IF I USE THE PHONE?
OH, I...
( mumbling ):
BUT I... AND I HAVE TO WAIT...
WHY DON'T YOU USE OURS
ACROSS THE HALL
BECAUSE SHE... HAS PROBLEMS.
THANKS.
WHOA! WHOA!
SORRY, TOMMY.
I ALMOST SPILLED
THIS HOT COFFEE ON YOU.
YEAH, BUT YOU DIDN'T.
NO, BUT IT'S...
IT'S... IT'S HOT.
ROSS, WOULD YOU JUST STOP IT?
IT'S GETTING REALLY OLD.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
NO ONE BELIEVES ME.
I DO. I
BELIEVE YOU.
YOU DO, PHEEBS?
YEAH, BUT I ALSO BELIEVED HER
WHEN SHE SAID I WAS NEXT.
OOH, HEY.
HEY, THERE, LITTLE FELLOW.
MR. FUZZY MAN, HOW YOU DOING?
OH.
OOH! EWW!
OW! EWW!
GROSS.
IDIOT!
STUPID, LITTLE, FUZZY
YELLOW CREATURE!
DON'T LOOK AT ME--
"I'M SO CUTE.
I'M A LITTLE CHICK,"
WHO'S DISGUSTING!
GOD, YOU'RE SO STUPID!
HOW ARE YOU NOT YET EXTINCT?!
( quacking )
QUACK, QUACK!
WHAT ARE QUACKING ABOUT?!
DUMB DONALD DODO!
STEP AWAY
FROM THE DUCK.
OOH, I'M SORRY,
LITTLE MR. CHICKADEE.
SORRY WITH DOODY IN MY HAND!
WELL, I GUESS WE'RE NOT
GOING OUT ANYMORE.
MAN!
JOEY...
KATE...
I'M SO GLAD
I CAUGHT YOU.
I COULDN'T FIND
YOU BEFORE.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT'S ALL THIS ABOUT L.A.?
THEY STILL WANT ME
FOR GENERAL HOSPITAL.
BUT... WELL,
WHAT ABOUT US?
LAST NIGHT WAS WONDERFUL
BUT I-I-I CAN'T STAY
HERE JUST FOR YOU.
SO STAY FOR THE MUSEUMS.
I'M SORRY.
JOEY! ON STAGE!
CAN YOU AT LEAST STAY
TILL THE END OF THE PLAY?
I MEAN, I'LL GO
TO THE AIRPORT WITH YOU.
I WANT TO SAY GOOD-BYE.
Lauren:
WHERE ARE YOU, VIC?
THE FLIGHT'S
IN AN HOUR.
I GOT TO GO.
VIC?
VIC...?
VIC?!
IN A MINUTE!
SO THIS IS IT, VICTOR?
YEAH.
I GUESS IT IS.
LISTEN, I, UH... I
GOT TO SAY GOOD-BYE
AND I GOT TO SAY IT QUICK,
'CAUSE THIS IS KILLING ME.
ONE THING YOU GOT
TO KNOW IS THAT...
I WILL NEVER FORGET YOU
BUT YOU GOT THINGS
YOU HAVE TO DO NOW
AND... AND SO DO I.
AND SO... I'M GOING TO
GET ON THIS SPACESHIP...
...AND I'M GOING
TO GO TO BLEARGON 7
IN SEARCH OF
ALTERNATIVE FUELS
BUT WHEN I RETURN
200 YEARS FROM NOW,
YOU'LL BE LONG GONE.
BUT I WON'T HAVE
AGED AT ALL.
SO YOU TELL YOUR GREAT,
GREAT GRANDDAUGHTER
TO LOOK ME UP...
BECAUSE, ADRIANNE, BABY
I'M GOING TO WANT
TO MEET HER.
SO LONG, VIC.
PHOEBE, IT'S
BEEN TWO DAYS.
YEAH, I KNOW.
IT'S A GOOD THING IT'S ONE
OF THOSE 801 NUMBERS, RIGHT?
PHOEBE, 800 IS TOLL-FREE.
801 IS UTAH.
NO, NO, NO. IT HAS TO BE 800.
'CAUSE ALL THOSE BIG COMPANIES
HAVE 800 NUMBERS, EVERY...
YEAH, EVERY BIG UTAH-BASED
COMPANY HAS ONE.
PHOEBE!
SORRY. I'M SO SORRY.
I WILL PAY YOU BACK.
AND YET SHE'S STILL
NOT HANGING UP THE PHONE.
HANG IT UP.
HANG UP THE PHONE!
FINE. FINE!
OH...
WHAT?
WELL, I THINK I BROKE IT,
BUT THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
HERE'S THE NUMBER
WHERE YOU CAN CALL.
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]